Hello they're in unless we deal with completely the logic needed for our registration page.
In this we will be focusing on the design layout.
Let's start by opening up our text editor and then opening up registration the component Ashia M.
here the position our message inside a container and its position in the center of the screen.
The container we only be Center only if they use a screen is larger than large
here.
They've created a cart load message with the hitting text registration
We've created a form from inputs.
I divide it into form groups and issue of them have their very own labels.
The data of this inputs are bound to both state and humano.
For example the name input here is bound to the name variable in setting the registration component.
This will set up a design layout of a registration page.
The next video will set up our lot in page.